Subtitle Provide by dramacool.in Translator [Admin.@YNG]
You don't need me.
give flowers
to be honest medyo
door frame
anon naman kadare dare dun
Raffy, let's talk, let's just chill.
so why
because I love you
previously
on seducing
jake palma
hello
Why are you calling?
he's asleep
you are welcome
I'll wake him up for you.
like
what are you doing
you in jake's unit
guess what
shay
ah
Dad, I've been looking for you for a while.
oh fate
this is with you
I'm Alan, my girlfriend.
I'll introduce you to Trip's cousin.
I'll just call Drake.
Are you accusing me?
I am cheating on you.
why not?
What's up?
family ring yun eh
christian
today oh
girlfriend
that's drake
yes Alice
I already brought it home.
cow
This is the reason why we are talking.
pre
We are still fighting.
drake just in case
It's over.
I won't eat this anymore.
sexy
necessary
I'll avoid creep
to be
matiusay
kami ni drake
excuse me
I'm sorry.
look at your face
i love you
jake palma
Hey, I am.
When can I talk to that fool again?
because it's honestly boring
Really, the whole day in class.
fairness ha
It's really fun talking to that fool.
Hello Alice.
What the hell did you just put in there?
good
what is that
What is that?
It ruins the main character moment, huh?
I've been thinking a lot.
dane you're here
You're ugly, Alice.
The baby is already big here.
stop
but you're still my baby
get off
oh my god
How big are you?
You are so serious.
Your sister is just excited that you're here, right?
oh why didn't you at least text me here
the rotten ones
blame mom
she wanted to surprise you
You were surprised, weren't you?
of course
my baby girl
is
why
Are you afraid to see?
girlfriend
You're still my baby, right?
alice stop on
Hey stop
because you are big
Are you big yet?
dahil you're still our baby din ha ha alice
hi ate alice
speed
hi baby girl
It's fun here.
the lovebirds
Let's have a snack, okay?
we're going out
God, please leave immediately.
You just arrived.
It's like the baby didn't miss me either.
you are so corny
we'll be back agad
felix is just gonna show me around
Okay, okay, okay.
basta be back by dinner ha
hi ate alice
it was so nice to see you though
nice meeting you baby
okay oh take care of that ha
puppy love
You like them too.
Sana all
You're really avoiding me, aren't you?
child of the trip
marco palma
oh yeah
I've had two successful days.
still stuck on the third day
syemay
what to say
I told Drake when he asked
I don't want to lie anymore.
today
again
Are you avoiding?
no, oh
You're just too sensitive, aren't you?
sorry trip
You don't deserve this nonsense you're doing.
I but
I really love Jake.
okay so
I told you I shouldn't have ignored Trip.
but it's hard because
tearful
You just go home every break time because you have no one to talk to.
sa break four
Should I confront him?
will wake up
I really am.
when I ignore him
Did he come?
lord
please give
Give me courage.
I'll give you just a little more.
that really
me and I will pay attention to you
Happy birthday!
You'll have to talk to me later.
trip
I miss you.
Where are we, ma'am?
Brother, you know the feeling of
feeling guilty
after
because
I'm avoiding my friend.
gigilty
I continue.
That's why I'm just going home because I don't want to.
he can see it
I feel like I'm the same person.
ahhh
He didn't do anything else.
but
laugh at me
lighten
my heart
finished
I am taking revenge on him.
I don't know what kind of friend I am.
Ma'am, you look like a friend.
That's not a friend anymore.
Okay, brother, let's go.
Where are we?
south bill gate three po
alice
You're here now.
I thought your class was later.
hmm ah we are early
dismissed eh
are you all right
alice
what
i said are you all right
yes mom
i'm okay
i'm just really tired
well i know something that will make you very excited
your gowns
are here
oh yes, that's right
I'm making my debut tomorrow.
well aren't you excited to try them on
of course mom
i'm very excited
well grab stairs
go try them on
okay
alright
see you later opo
good
I thought I would be happy.
the debut
I'm sorry because Jake has agreed to be
my escort
but why does it seem like
I am not very happy.
Is it because Trip doesn't pay attention to me anymore?
What a mess life is.
baby from
you're here
hi
what are you doing here
Are you and Felice not walking?
she went out with her friends
hmm
What's up with you?
You're ugly.
You are getting uglier.
are you really my sister
Good thing it's here.
My very cute one
brother
stop
did you know
You're the only one who really makes me happy right now.
makes you happy
eh you're hurting me
hmm
This is terrible.
Just flirting.
If you act like this, it's like you're not my sister.
It doesn't seem like it really is.
loko to ah what makes you say that
because i'm cool and you're not
Well, it's not you.
you are a fool
you are honorable
student
you of
favorite
of everyone
including me
i'm not sure about being the favorite
Hey, life is fair.
but you know
i'm super happy that you're here for my birthday
I love you so much.
ha
dave
Just be there, okay?
i need your honest opinion
whatever
I am beautiful.
my gosh
who are you
I'm really cute.
severe
tama yan
Just love yourself.
admit it
it suits me
and it's really beautiful
Seriously, he can't say anything, oh my.
strength
the impact
Hey, I am.
my little
little brother
Admit it.
beautiful
the gown
and it suits your beautiful sister
whatever
oh yeah
but the end
It's not pretty.
fine
so what
Is it beautiful?
Is it okay with me?
your boyfriend
will like it
oh wait, there's another one
uy in fairness
Even though you've been in California for two years
You are still close to me.
they are
because it's just the two of us
what choice
wow he was forced
oh oy
eat now
come on
come on let's eat i miss this food
wow that's a lot
Oh, eat now.
oh what took you so long
How long have you been waiting?
thanks to alice
She feels so good in her gown.
I'm sorry, huh?
I told you he would like what you did.
of course
That's what mommy did.
It's really going to be beautiful.
Well, is Jake sure he's going to be
You are an expert in debuts.
He said yes.
he better
is scary
hahaha
what's up
It's a bit of a mess.
Hmm Alice
by the way
here's a program flow
check them out and then let me know kung okay na sayo
wow mom
how many
eighteen
something about this
pero i love it
thank you mom
that's good
oh eat eat
you know mom
hmm
nana keeps on scolding
me just because i talk to a lot of girls at school
it's not my fault if they think i'm being flirty
i'm just being friendly
well because
you're my baby
you're a cute
cute baby
of mommy
stop it's not true
too much
I am lucky to have my family.
thank you lord
for giving me the best
Who did I inherit from?
Mommy, I just picked it up from the trash.
spoke
my sister
Hey, why are you reading that?
that's a magazine for adults
so
really kids now
alice
do you believe
the number of girls i played with
would be the amount of times
you would cry because of someone
Why should I cry?
Have you cried a lot?
i don't know
but if that
theory is true
i think you need to embrace yourself
i'll sleep in your room
hmm why in my room?
Sleep in your room.
i don't like it there
anyway
Where are you from here?
it's better now
You sleep there.
theory
What if it's true?
today too
Who are the people who made you cry?
It's been a while.
That's terrible.
Why do you have a secret?
I didn't expect it because I always go to SCA.
yes, of course not
I'm sorry, bro.
our first time passing by
but of course we don't
We will miss this day that we don't have you.
surprised
hmmm thank you besh
We have something for you.
this is yun
cake yun
thank you so much besh
What are you?
Well, of course.
It was only school that separated us, right?
but we are still friends
Happy birthday, bro.
wait lang
to you oh go
Kanta to me
happy birthday
to you wait wait wait wait wish mo na besh
okay, sorry
excited
excited okay
he he never
Okay, okay.
thank you
nothing, bro
How is that?
I still have class.
my gift
My gift later.
just in the part
say say say
thank you so much happy birthday
thank you
happy birthday alex
thank you for coming
you like me
Carry it first.
I thought you were going with them.
My class is later, in an hour.
I'll carry it first.
Okay, thank you.
Do you want to eat at the café?
you are free
Is it my birthday? I'm still going to have fun.
Oh, okay?
even your birthday
You are still free.
okay go
Of course, I've only been here once.
oh
wow
It's free, yes.
Maybe I have to pay for this.
okay later
Happy birthday again Alice
thank you shin
It's still early, I'm so happy.
Are you ready for your party later?
ahmm
yes, a little nervous
just because
Mommy invited a lot of people.
whole family
we think
of course it's included
my friends
and then maybe even the children of friends
mommy and daddy's
also invited
The venue will really be full later.
you know
I miss your mischief.
surplus
I miss you too, Shin.
data
I feel so excited when Shin smiles at me.
but now
genuinely
I'm only happy when he smiles.
How are you doing in Brentford?
You must be happy, right?
Have you adjusted yet?
line up
I am still very sad.
because almost
The first semester is halfway through.
I still don't have any friends.
Do they hate me so much just because I'm their girlfriend?
me and drake
today
Alice hmm
I said
How are you doing in Brentford?
Are you happy?
This is okay.
I am happy.
You know, it's a shame I'm not at sea.
We understand their verse.
kent it
but it's good to know
Are you happy here?
you are shin
hello
the
love life mo
love life
What is that love life?
I don't know about love life.
Hey, it's been a while.
since he left
why are you
move on
move on when you have time
mm I moved on, huh?
why do you know if
I was able to move on.
no
I'm just a third wheel to Aya and Ken.
but happy
that's right
you know
Those two are both naughty, hmm
What is that?
third wheel
hmm
I'll just ask my playboy brother later.
the meaning of the third wheel
is
go away
just a puzzle ha
I need to leave, okay?
Why is it sold out?
You're done eating.
Do you have worms in your stomach?
Time flies, so see you later, okay?
happy birthday again
See you later.
thank you babye
happy birthday
even if I say
Are you okay?
i know you better shin
but don't worry best friend
time heals
everything
Okay, what should I do?
Should I greet him or not?
I'll just go straight as if I didn't see anything.
what happened
no hi
no smile
nothing
Is he that angry that I'm avoiding him?
This is difficult.
I miss them already.
before refrigeration
existed
Did the fool really forget?
That is my existence.
first time ko
lose a friend
by the way
The Spanish have not arrived yet.
our ancestors
already knew
how to preserve food
this trip
Sometimes it really feels like you're playing decode the message.
with trick eh
Miss Perez
anything you want to add
salamevo
what
You curse at me.
ah
no, please
I'm sorry.
you better not
sit down
Alice, you are eighteen years old.
DETERMINES
You please.
why you still not dress
Mom said come down.
why so
you're a cunt
hurry up
or you gonna hear me more talak in your birthday
you go girl
you could do this
My child is beautiful.
surname
stop laughing
having a nice moment
mom don't cry
it's a special day
We should just be happy.
you're so beautiful baby
Where are you?
alice
are you okay
is there any problem
Oh, nothing.
well you seem uneasy
are you nervous
a little bit
well, this is how it will be when I get to the hotel later
just have fun
enjoy it's your day
okay okay mom
thanks po
alright dane
let's go
it's late
oh where is drake
oh yeah
on the way
He's on his way.
great
very excited
don't be alice
let's go
yes mommy
daddy hi tita
happy
birthday
thank you po
you look nice
you look gorgeous tita
and so do you dad
thank you
enjoy the party po
i'll go greet my ano lang po guests po
alright
okay, please
enjoy po
thank you for coming
Eat, okay?
hello
hello thank you
thank you
hi
hi alice you look so pretty
will you remember your titas
of course
hello mon
happy birthday
thank you tita
you look stunning
thank you po
Time flies so fast, doesn't it?
I said it.
for marriage
ah mom
i'll just greet my friends po
is that okay po tita
so i hope you don't mind
okay just enjoy
okay
thank you
excuse me po
alright
see you later
thank you
You are beautiful, you are beautiful.
you are beautiful
happy birthday
thank you
thank you for coming
of course
Where is Bhie?
I am there.
It's really like the birthday girl didn't go there.
Well, it seems like you're not used to that.
oh shin is hurt
just going
but maybe it will be here soon
maybe it's traffic, yes
Where is your escort?
you asked eh
I have no news yet.
but earlier
Before I left, he said he was on his way.
on the way na daw
Let it be, maybe it will be soon.
he he he
hopefully
oh are you ready for the cotillion
dance ha
Oh, we're practicing.
Yes, didn't we practice, bhie?
is
It turns out that Kent is my boyfriend.
and proud to be
Hello, aunty.
hello kent
nice to meet you
Oh, by the way, can I borrow your sister?
moment
widow
Even if you don't return it, ha ha ha joke
go ahead
happy birthday
go na birthday girl
bye alis
drake is gone
ma'am the program's about to start
Ma'am, I don't know.
Actually, I texted him a while ago.
He said he was on his way.
Hello Alice.
anyways
don't you worry kami
Check on your daddy to see if he's there.
For sure Jake will come, right ma'am?
Is it okay if I just check on him in the lobby?
because it will be better
I'm relieved if I see it first.
to him/her
is mine
baby girl
don't stress out
enjoy the party
it's your day okay
alright
smile for
We are always pretty.
thanks mom
okay alright
love you
see you later
okay
alright baby, hi
Oh, how are you doing there?
Where can that be?
happy birthday
It's a trip, isn't it?
If you only knew how much I love you.
I would like to go here.
I debuted.
It's hard.
drake
yes
hala the to possible
It's my birthday today.
drake
wait, maybe
Maybe he just left something behind.
Maybe he left my birthday gift.
or maybe he was wearing slippers and forgot
he/she will put on shoes
oh my god drake
dick please
Dick, please answer.
alice
hello jake
i'm really sorry alice
i really need to go
i didn't mean to disappoint you
happy birthday alice
too much
happy birthday
What is our super?
I'm the one who sees it.
Mommy is like this
I can't be seen like this.
What can I say?
I'm sorry.
Jake said
that he can go
not possible
You will be angry and disappointed.
alice please think
please use that
princess
you even a little
go ahead
oh my god
please please
sorry
I'm sorry, I know.
I'm so selfish, sorry.
Call me.
trip please
Please come visit me here.
moment
puzzle
Are you crying?
Please come visit me here.
I don't have any
partner
please
Okay, okay.
Don't leave me.
Did you understand what I was saying, Alice?
when I go there
I'll make your joke come true.
I won't stop you anymore.
This is probably what I really am like when I'm full.
Are you sure that's what you want?
please trip
fifth
I'm crying.
that's too much eh
the man of the
offensive
Go ahead, please.
Can Dave do it?
I don't want it anymore.
Aya Tita
have you seen alice
no, right?
sale
Is there a problem?
no i'm just looking for her
I'm sorry, auntie.
oh yes
have you seen alice outside
ah
I didn't notice, auntie.
I just arrived too.
Alice might be in the holding area.
i'll go check for her okay
Okay, okay, see you later.
shh, what's up?
how long have you been
I did an elbm.
when it's like that, drake
I let go of Trip for you.
but I'm the one you let go of now
I don't know.
just him/her
left to me
You're really selfish, Alice.
everyone
I'm leaving you.
miss alice
ahmm excuse me ma'am alice
ahmm shall we introduce you now
Are you ready?
ahmm
say hello
i'm holding this event for over an hour na rin naman
My guests are hungry too.
Thank you, ma'am. Just wait.
I'll just call you, please.
We are on standby.
We are ready.
thank you
so you can handle it alice
You can do it, Alice.
let's go alice
I won't stop you.
You know that, right?
I'm sorry I made you come here.
I didn't know that he wouldn't come.
Jake on my debut.
You're really five, Alex.
and you know that
meaning
will do
I have everything.
so you leave drake
Just stay here.
you are mine
that's it
oh
baby
what did i do to deserve this jake
why are you hurting me so badly
why are you laughing
at my husband
husband
You have drawn me into a very close relationship.
uncertain
now we are okay
tomorrow not
tomorrow will be okay again
Am I poor?
to love
Why do you hurt me over and over again?
this is supposed to be the happiest night of my life
my debut
I don't deserve Drake.
drake
the to can
birthday
I now
drake
Thank you very much, trip.
you know
Thank you.
You are getting older.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much for that.
I don't want to hear a thank you from you.
What do you want me to say?
i'm sorry
no
next time
I want to see
you are smiling
smile
for me
thank you so much po for coming
Just eat there.
thank you po
for coming
mom
oh hi
do you remember
Tito Alan
of course
Hi Uncle Alan
thank you po for coming ha
enjoy lang po your dinner
mom i'm just gonna go say hi to my friends ulit
okay go ahead
alright
see you later
thank you po for coming
hello
okay
Where is your boyfriend?
I don't know.
Okay, let's talk about it next time.
you know
if he's being such a jerk towards you
ditch him
you're my sister
you deserve nothing but the best
You know how mature you really are, right?
i don't wanna see you crying alice
Let's meet just once.
You will cry more.
why would that put me
I'm not crying.
yeah and who are you fooling anyway
when will you tell me what's that noble
boyfriend
of yours
Don't tell them.
you know what
as your only
brother
if he's hurting you that bad
don't you think it's time to forget him and move on
hey dane ah
Who is older than us?
you or me
I'm just reminding you.
fourteen
you are just
I don't know about you.
i look for felice
Look at this and then just leave me here alone.
five
You are really beautiful today.
oh I'm beautiful now
it's me too
yes, just now
this is another one
if I were no longer here
I enjoyed it.
uy shin
Thank you very much.
He even sent a gift from Russia wow
you're so bad
You and Besh will be friends.
five
five oh five
friends pala
leave now
departure
oh in
ahmm
Can we talk?
Haven't we talked yet?
That's not what I meant.
outside
Let's eat first.
it's okay
okay
We just ate.
say
Where are you taking me?
He marked it for you, Cyril.
I'll go back upstairs first.
if he could explain
and you really don't want to
you know where to find me
happy birthday
thank you po for coming
hello
What do you need from me, Drake?
thanks for coming
for all times sake
Help me, trip.
I am so sorry for Alice.
well you know
so please
i'm asking you as family
Bring Alice here.
He's not answering my calls.
i love her trip
thank you
i'm really sorry alice
making up to you
i hope she can forgive me
i really messed up this time
i cannot lose you alice
hello
Are you single?
one week ago
hello
like this
oh my
good morning alice
no more
tiktoks is
I'm moving on.
oh alice
you're here din pala
didn't notice you eh
oh yes
Are you going to eat?
What is your password?
Let's eat, let's eat.
oh what
one one three one
Why did you yell?